feat(migration): add section explaining how to prepare mobile support (#1788)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/guides/upgrade-migrate/from-tauri-1.mdx

        Ok(())
  })
```

## Prepare for Mobile

The mobile interface of Tauri requires your project to output a shared library so if you are targetting mobile for your existing application, you must change your crate to

> produce that kind of artifact along with the desktop executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mobile interface of Tauri requires your project to output a shared library. If you are targetting mobile for your existing application, you must change your crate to produce that kind of artifact along with the desktop executable.
```

> - First, you need to change your Cargo manifest to produce the library. Append the following block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the Cargo manifest to produce the library. Append the following block:
```

```toml title=src-tauri/Cargo.toml
[lib]
name = "app_lib"
crate-type = ["staticlib", "cdylib", "rlib"]

> ```

Reviewer: It's a bit weird, but for non-consoles you use this format it looks like
~~~suggestion
```toml
// src-tauri/Cargo.toml
[lib]
name = "app_lib"
crate-type = ["staticlib", "cdylib", "rlib"]
```
~~~

> - Then rename your `src-tauri/src/main.rs` to `src-tauri/src/lib.rs`. That file will be shared by both desktop and mobile targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Rename `src-tauri/src/main.rs` to `src-tauri/src/lib.rs`. This file will be shared by both desktop and mobile targets.
```

> - Rename your lib.rs `main` function header to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Rename the `main` function header in `lib.rs` to the following:
```

```rust title=src-tauri/src/lib.rs
#[cfg_attr(mobile, tauri::mobile_entry_point)]
pub fn run() {
    // your code here
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```rust
// src-tauri/src/lib.rs
#[cfg_attr(mobile, tauri::mobile_entry_point)]
pub fn run() {
    // your code here
}
```
~~~

The `tauri::mobile_entry_point` macro prepares your function to be executed on mobile.

> - Finally, recreate the main.rs file calling the shared run function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Recreate the `main.rs` file calling the shared run function:
```

```rust title=src-tauri/src/main.rs
#![cfg_attr(not(debug_assertions), windows_subsystem = "windows")]

fn main() {
  app_lib::run();
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```rust
// src-tauri/src/main.rs
#![cfg_attr(not(debug_assertions), windows_subsystem = "windows")]

fn main() {
  app_lib::run();
}
```
~~~

        Ok(())
  })
```

> ## Prepare for Mobile

Reviewer: @lucasfernog do you think it makes sense to have this whole section moved all the way to the very top of the page? Assuming that `tauri migrate` isn't going to make any of these changes and that they're safe to do before running that command?

Author: I think we shouldn't do these changes automatically because it can be tricky on projects that aren't following the template we have. And yeah we could move it to the top, I just wanted it separate from the other steps.

Reviewer: Makes sense. I'll go ahead and shift it and then get this merged
